extra body tag okay?
    I got the focus right using it.
footer is at a particular x coord?   > 20 nrecs it stays??? :(
    it's actually off screen :(
    i tried to get rid of it entirely with no luck.
    success - edited the css file.
empty message => "There is no message".
    some way in TT to make it empty?
    failed to reset message with query parameter, too.
    tutorial says it is better to use the 'flash' technique?  what's that?
    use this for rewriting the update url as well.
trim in Util.pm instead of Person.pm?
    done
not sure what is the convention for controllers /mlist/update or /person/update?
    how about for templates?   mlist/search.tt2 or person/search.tt2?
    person/update controller is in Person.pm, right?
    perhaps if the view is about a particular model then
        the tt2 file belongs there
really cool that you can muck with the view
    without restarting the server.  only when changing the controllers
    do you need to restart.
rewriting the URLs in case someone does a refresh
    good after a delete, update_do
    I followed the tutorial.
    I didn't use Catalyst.uri_for... for the form actions
        in the templates.  Okay?
check for dups in create, update
how to change the name_pref?
need to put css class/div tags in the tt2 files.
got the function - at some point the appearance
get some cute little gifs for view/edit/delete?
    steal somewhere?
maxsize for text fields? so can't scroll them.
max for nrecs?  to protect against mistakes?
i forgot affils.
need another link for crud for affils.
how to do logging??  not to browser, how into server log???
prohibit [>"'] as a_code - will interfere with html syntax
    also # ) etc.  is there a uri_encode thingy?
    to hex encode it?
tried editing root/lib/config/main
    looked like Perl so used heredoc.  no no.  this is TT.
Add to program attributes:
    registration start and end time
    program start time and end time
Add a table for _system_ type attributes:
    Start/end times for dinner on different days.
How to quote a value in the template which might
    contain a ' and a "????   e.g. last name in the
    person update form.  last name of D'Angelo.
    " is safer, I guess. but not 100%.
I notice that after the update form is submitted
    it does a selective update - only the fields that changed
    AND the blank fields are rewritten.  Yes?
I guessed (and was right) that the create method
    returns the object it just created!
isn't it rather unOO to dig into the stash hashref???
    or the params hashref???   Verbose, too.
    $c->stash("key", "value"); seems better to me than
    $c->stash->{key} = "value";
    my $pattern = $c->request->params->{pattern};
    or
    my $pattern = $c->params('pattern');
delete_all() for deleting a person is rather inefficient
    in the way it deletes the affiliations.   better to
    just do a delete after a search on the affiliation table
    for p_id = $id!
the fancy auto generated accessor 'affils' is nice
    but it doesn't sort as I would like...
    any way to specify an order by?
need javascript validation of sex, alert before delete
    other required fields?
    date validation
    email validation
affiliations in column sort not running sort?
    since i'm not doing it in the template... i can be smarter.
    done.  nicely.  I did put some HTML in the controller.
    am I forgiven?
delete an affiliation - also delete from affil_people.
    done.
should we use automated form creation, field validation
    a la HTML::Widget as explained in part 8 of the tutorial?
    or should we do it ourselves - with better control?
    i haven't tried part 8 yet so perhaps can't speak...

partnering is next?

phone list - do I join 3 tables with descrip = "Phone List"
    or find the proper affil.id first, then join 2?
    how to do joins at all???
    or perhaps do the SQL yourself???  heavens!

in creating new tables I keep forgetting the "DB"
    after "RetreatCenter" in various places.
    get a long error message...
this passage in Authentication tutorial I did not understand:
    Another option would be to use something like
	sub base :Path :Args(0) {...} (where the ... refers to the
	login code shown in sub index : Private above).  We are
	using sub base :Path :Args(0) {...} here to specifically
	match the URL /login. Path actions (aka, "literal actions")
	create URI matches relative to the namespace of the controller
	where they are defined. Although Path supports arguments
	that allow relative and absolute paths to be defined, here
	we use an empty Path definition to match on just the name
	of the controller itself. The method name, base, is arbitrary.
	We make the match even more specific with the :Args(0)
	action modifier -- this forces the match on only /login,
	not /login/somethingelse.
a lot of this authentication is boilerplate.
    you CAN do things differently but rarely need to.
    so just copy it and use it until it becomes obvious
    that you need something different...
also don't understand the types of "Actions" as described
    in the Catalyst::Manual::Intro
    it may become clearer later when we need different things.
I fiddled a good deal with the layout/html/main/etc
    and the ttsite.css.   Show Shankar.  See if there's a better way.
just thought... if either Shankar or I started slowing down
    and charging for not doing much then the do-not-exceed
    might be reached - we need to be able to challenge each other.
    i guess the same would apply if one of us was much slower
    than the other.   is this a problem?
    we're actually quite comparable in that respect i think.
i moved to create_edit.tt2 instead of the object name.
    need to muck with CVS.
change RetreatCenter to some other better name?
    what should we call this?
    or is it not worth the CVS and editing trouble?
    hello there
maybe we should do the hardest parts (housing, housekeeping report, etc)
    first.  then when and if we reach the do-not-exceed limit
    we can start to re-interpret the spec a bit to lessen
    our task.   if we did the easier parts perfectly and
    at great length of time and then realized we were
    running out of money - it would be more difficult
    to 'cut corners' to reduce the project if we had to
    implement the intricacies and trickynesses of housing.
    the housing part is what they really need so let's
    do that first and right.  first mlist to get our bearings
    and learn the tools.
how about a link on the view person page to do a dup search?
    it is done after a create - and in the unduplication listing.
    not after an update.
Catalyst is smart to not include methods that begin
    with an underscore in its list of actions that is displayed
    on startup.
Hire a user interface expert graphics person like Matt
    to help us design the UI.  Jamal???
    Just like the work at Integration.
    Shankar and I would take too long to do it...

    I don't feel right when I charge for endless fiddling with
    the look of it.  My job is the function not the appearance.
    Same for Shankar.

    the users will want it to look a certain way
    so it will change so we shouldn't spend too long on it
    before consulting them.
styles in the views - better in the .css file
    see view.tt2 and the width of the email field
    if we enlarge the font - the 2 inch width may not be right.
why do we need to put "Catalyst::uri_for('/person/search')"
    and not just "/person/search"?  can we ask the experts?
DBIx::Class is simply not documented well enough yet.
    Catalyst is not that great either.
    Is there an O'Reilly book in progress?
        for DBIx::Class or for Catalyst?
        call O'Reilly.  perhaps the system(s) are
        not yet mature enough.
    DBIx::Class is so fucking abstract.
        and it avoids SQL like the plague.  Why?
        If there's not going to be an easy way to
        construct the SQL::Abstract for a query that I know
        I'm going abandon DBIx::Class and make my own.
        It's not that hard.
How about a large example of a Catalyst application?
    open source, free to browse
    complex, well explained.
Where is it documented what all that stuff in root/src does?
    Any way to turn it off for a screen that is
    destined for the printer?   This is an application
    not a 'site'.
Egos abound.  Hackers love to make systems
    so complex and so abstract that they are viewed
    as profound geniuses.
    That DBIx::Class has a Cookbook, a Tutorial, an Intro, a FAQ,
    and an Example is not a good sign.  Why not just explain
    it?  Having stuff you can copy or mimic is not the
    same as understanding.
what is the timeout value for login sessions?
several different affiliations for
    do not send me any mailings.   should they all
    be collapsed into one?   8, 9, do not distribute, do not Give out, etc.
the capitalization mixed case was not done very
    intelligently - O'brien for example.
    can we make it better?
work on mlist so no dup ids!
    that's no good
need someone to rework the out of usa records!
    there is an affiliation - likely not used consistently...
    look for zip code of blank?
    I can make further custom listings that don't
    fit into the Report model.
how about a report format that puts a link on
    the person's name - so you can edit their record!
reformat the phone numbers in a consistent way?
    the ones in the US anyway?
addr1 addr2 - in Email to CMS format - extra space at the end
    could have addrs method to remedy this.
another attribute of a person
    comments about extreme food or picky needs
    difficult behavior
    and this would pop up during registration
search people by home phone
    exact syntax needed.
    831-460-2648 would not match (831) 460-2648
what happens when one of two partners
    has a new address that is not the same as their partner?
    they should be separated at that time!
for reports - can't do a file://...    how to do it?
for programs
    checkbox labels - should be bold?  or a class?
    a class to match the other labels... which are just <th>.

for some reason sqlite3 allows putting 'yes' in an integer field
    e.g. all the checkbox fields in program table.
Hardcoded Defaults for programs:
    Default - Housing Cost
    MMC     - Cancellation Policy
should role 'user' be able to delete/edit reports?
do we need a role 'reception' - they can't see programs at all.
    only people, affils, reports, listings.
cascade deletes of affiliations to reports and programs as well.
    and leaders to programs
    or prohibit??? yes.
more program form validation
if you go to the login screen but you're already
    logged in - go to the people search screen instead!
prohibit a delete of a person, housecost, calpol or leader
    if there are foreign keys to it.
    jeeeez - it gets complicated!
dates can be entered as 090910 for 9/9/2010
    for doc...
images for leaders and programs - does the
    little server do file uploads???
When in admin role and click on Program's housing costs
    should the user view the cost structure and also see
    Create  Edit  Delete???
    ditto for Cancellation Policy??
can't put a '+' in a form text field!
    why?   it is the only character that is special in this way.
    it is not within DBIx::Class.
    it's within Catalyst server???
If you have two or more leaders
    they will be listed in alphabetical order
    based on Last name, then first.  Okay?
    What if there is one main leader and a minor one.
after publish - go to list with message
after program edit go to list as well?
    these are good questions for the users.
is there no value= field for <input type=file>???
    wouldn't apply anyway...
    do we need a separate update form for images???
when deleting a leader
    their person record remains intact, "make leader" returns
    make sure to delete the associatated image, if any.
which roles?
    admin / template-editor
    admin can create programs
        but not edit/delete the templates
put a javascript alert in front of deleting images
    in leaders, programs
members, images (for templates)
restrictions on passwords?   >=5, what else?
in updating strings - no " char.  ' okay.
why use Catalyst.uri_for('/program/list') instead
    of just '/program/list'?   for when it isn't localhost::3000?
mailto links on email addresses
do stale soon
test - trimming of email in leader, user, rental and person
http:// off in rental, leader
renamed tabs:
    title => title1
    subtitle => title2
    weburl, website => weburl
    leaders => leader_names
renamed styles
    title => title1
    subtitle => title2
    in e_progRow - event_title2, event_title2
    in progRow - title... ?? look
can't put html tags in textareas :(
    what to do?  prohibit them, process before use
    like with expand.
    wiki things?
style sheet in picture popups???
    fully qualified domain for pic?
i put align=center where the click_enlarge style sheet
    could have taken care of it.
change big_imgwidth and you will
    need to reupload all the pictures
still need to do this:
    generate eventlist, programlist for events.html and programs.html
    make regtable - using prognum - corresponding to the use of it in
        program html pages.
did prognum - something still wrong with links
    to programs - it includes 'gen_files/'.
Rental email, phone are not just the field values.
    need separately named method.
To tell Adrienne:
    document
        attitude of "come here... sit down and I'll explain it to you".
        humor is always welcome and always helps - perhaps in footnotes or
            as an addendum if it might get in the way...
        documents written by engineers are often lousy
        she can use my cms_mmc.html as a secondary reference
            the program itself as the first.
        make it an HTML document accessible from the program directly 
            use a simple style (like cms_mmc.html) - content matters most
            Jamal can help fancy it up if needed.
        perhaps a task oriented format in one chapter?
            how do I do such and such a task?
        in the end - she should write the kind of document
            that she would want to read
    if overwhelmed by complexity
        not so complex yet - sans registration and sans housing!
        Twain as Mississipi riverboat pilot
    testing
        feedback!  her own or what she gathers/overhears in the office.
        not a whitewash, please!
        even trivial things.
        a successful test is a failure!
        alternate UI suggestions if nothing else
            and these never end...
seems like a lot of duplication in the
    DBIC_TRACE output...
    are the results cached?
rental tags need attention
focus field for Users changes depending on
    creating/updating - how to effect this?
have Shankar update his time...
IE does not support :3000 on OSX - it's old.
    Firefox is much more forgiving.
    does IE on XP work?
Personal Retreats can begin and end on the same day
    The p.r. program itself has no begin or end date, right?
regtable should (also?) have program id as the identifier
    not just the name - as this name might be reused
the program listing page will grow as seasons pass
    should what appears there be restricted by a range of dates?
    that default to one month back to the infinite future?
checkin, then rental tags, then testplan. 
for testplan
    future or not
    web ready or not
    linked or not
    personal retreat or not - dates empty, unlinked, template = personal
    program images take priority over leader images
    only the first two leaders (alphabetically)
        get their individual pictures on the page.  okay?
        if not, a group pic as a program image is probably indicated.

