Test Plan
for People, Affiliations, Listings, Reports

Log In
    (jane, mypass)

Search
    enter pattern, press Submit
        it will use the pattern as a prefix of the last name
    try sanskrit, zip, email, first, and home phone.
        the numbers in home phone are not necessarily
            sequential...  okay if you give 10 digits.
            otherwise sort of weird - but useful nonetheless.
*       if you quote the digits then they need to be sequential
            '876'

*   you can use the character ~ in a pattern as a kind of 'wild card':
            ~fe
        will look for a last name containing the characters 'fe' anywhere

    ask for more/less records (instead of Number of Records = 10).

    None found? You stay at the search screen.

    Try "Next 10" until there are no more.

Add a Person
    fill in all fields (country defaults to USA)
    choose a few affiliations
    note the two submit buttons (for convenience's sake)
    in 'created' message - click on person's name to return
        to their info.
        verify the date of entry

    give incorrect State (in the U.S.)
    Leave sex unchosen - get error.
        note the suggestion for a gender.
        from http://www.gpeters.com/names/baby-names.php
    invalid dates for hf.    13/1/2009 or blah or 2/29/3

Affiliations
    Click on Affiliations at the top
    Edit one
    Create one
    Go to edit a person again and verify that
        the edit and the new one are there.
        Add the new affiliation to several people.
    Go back to affiliation, delete the new one.
        Verify it is gone from the people.
        And from the list when editing a person.

Find someone to Delete
    see confirmation dialog
    Verify they were deleted

Find someone to Edit
    make a change
    put in an invalid State
    submit and see 'updated' message.  click on the person's name
        to see their info.
        verify the date of updating

Create a duplicate record, see the warning about _possible_ dups.
    duplicate could be exactly same name
    or similar address with first and last initials the same:
        Joe Smith   123 Orange St Tampa, FL 34510
        Joseph Smith 123 Orange Stree Tampa, FL 34510
    similar dup checks are done after an update

Partners
    Choose a person (that is not partnered).
    Note the link that says "Partner With".
    Click on it.
    You're asked for a first and last name.
    - Enter an existing one - must be exact spelling.
        The two are partnered and their records
        now say "Partnered with ..." - You can click on the
        link to go to the partner.
        And you also have "Separate".
    - Or enter a person's name that is not in the mailing list.
        You will be notified that it is new and will be asked to confirm
        the partnering.  If yes, it proceeds.  If not, it is cancelled.
        Note the message in either case.
    Confirm that the new partner gets the mailing address and home
        phone of the original person.
    Separate two partners - note the confirmation dialog.
        Verify they are no longer partnered.
    Delete one of a partnership and note that the undeleted partner
        is now no longer partnered.
    Edit the address or home phone of a partnered person
        and note that these fields of their partner are updated as well.

Listings
    phone list - people with "Phone List" affiliation checked
        note that it is sorted by Sanskrit column
        and that in the absence of a Sanskrit name, first is used.
    Unduplication List
        A list of _possible_ duplicates, _possible_ partners,
        and unreported gender.

        Generate it once, save it, and use it to do research.

        - Identical first/last names.
        - Unpartnered people with addresses that are 'numerically' close.
            e.g.
                123 Orange St Tampa, FL 12341
            and
                123 Ornge Street Tampa, FL 12341
            are numerically close.
*       - unreported genders
            when you view such a person it does a lookup at:
            http://www.gpeters.com/names/baby-names.php
            to help you determine the gender.

*       This list is opened in a new window.
        All links in that listing open into the same other window.
        This should help with navigation, yes?

    Purge Stale Addresses
        Upload a file containing email addresses.
        They will be removed from people's records.

Reports
    Create a report - giving a description and zip code range.
    Format - choose "Name, Address, Email"
    Sort - Last Name or Zip

    Run the report.   See the rows on the screen. 

    Change format to "Email to VistaPrint"
        ReRun.  Reports the count and the listing
            goes in a file - which you can save or view
            with normal browser actions.
    Change "Number of Records" to something less than the count.
        ReRun.   This is a random sample of the prior listing's rows.

    Edit the report and select some affiliations.
        Now the listing is restricted to people who
        have at least one of the affiliations in their record.
        Add one of the affiliations to a person not in the
            report and verify they get into the rerunning of the report.

    Choose a format of "Email".
        This goes into a file.
        Only people with non-blank emails will be included.
        Sorted by email.

*   On a person's information screen there is a place
    for them to specify how we should contact them (email,
    snail mail or neither) and whether we can share their info with
    MMC affiliates (what does that word mean anyway?
    business partners?) - for when we are sharing (or selling)
    our list with others.
     
    Running a report for our own uses is one thing.
    For a mailing of a printed brochure or for an email spam blast.
    We need to respect the settings each person has specified.
    No email to a person unless they say they have said they permit it.

    When choosing Run you can also check two checkboxes labelled 
        Share and Count.

    If "Count" is checked then "Run"
    will count up (and display below) how many people
    will be included in the report.
    Jamal can use this to know how many copies of
    a brochure need to be printed.
      
    Let's say that an affiliate wants to buy a portion of our
    list - let's say the names and addresses in the western states
    of people who are interested in Movement Programs.
    We'll charge them based on the number of names we supply.
     
    The Share" checkbox ill generate the list and only include
    people who have indicated that they allow us to share
    their information with MMC affiliates.
